fix test-cpp bug runner->runner_gpu (#42)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu: .github/CHANGELOG.md

# Release 0.25.0-dev

### Bug fixed

> * Fix the typo error to make sure test-cpp run the correct executable [(#42)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/42)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix `test-cpp` Makefile rule to run the correct GPU-compiled executable [(#42)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning-gpu/pull/42)
```
